This program has a class Animal that has a pure virtual function, Talk.
Well, its virtual because it has a virtual keyword and its
pure because it has this equal 0 at the end,
which means that the function is declared, but not defined.
Let's say that we want to create a derived class of class Animal,
and we want that derived class to define the virtual function, Talk.
Let's imagine we have a class Cat that derives from public Animal,
and that class Cat has
a function string that has
the same function signature as the base class.
Let's actually define that Talk function for Cat.
It's the Talk function on the Cat class and it will return "Meow".
Let's test it down here,
we'll have an object of type Cat and we will assert the (cat.Talk() equals equals "Meow".
In order to make that work we're going to have to include <cassert>,
and let's try compiling this.
If we run it, we see that it works,
and in fact we can even go a step further.
We could add another class,
let's call this Lion,
that inherits not from public Animal,
but from public Cat.
Now, we are adding yet another layer of inheritance and we're going
to override the function Talk from the Cat class,
and in the Lion class we're going to have a function Talk,
and we'll have the same function signature,
and we'll return "Roar".
You have to make sure to put a semicolon properly. All right.
Now, lets clear our terminal and compile our program,
but before we program,
we're going to have to add another layer here.
We'll have a lion of class Lion and will assert that (lion.Talk() equals equals "Roar".
Now, if we compile the program,
we see that it runs and it passes and a cat meows and a lion roars.